BD-4113: Option to export unused promo codes GA (#9265)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/promotion_codes.md

nav_title: Promotion Codes
article_title: Promotion Codes
page_order: 5
toc_headers: h2
alias: "/promotion_codes/"
description: "This reference article covers how to create promotion code lists and add them to your campaigns and Canvases."
---

# Promotion codes

> This page covers how to create promotion code lists and add them to your campaigns and Canvases.

## How it works

Promotion codes—also called promo codes—are a great way to keep users engaged by driving interactions with a heavy emphasis on purchases. You can create messages that pull from your list of promotion codes. 

> These promotion codes also have expiry dates of up to six months and support for up to 20MM individual codes per list. By managing and analyzing the performance of your promotion codes, you can make targeted decisions for your promotional strategies and messaging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each promotion code has an expiration date of up to six months. You can store and manage up to 20 million codes per list. By managing and analyzing the performance of your promotion codes, you can make targeted decisions for your promotional strategies and messaging.
```

{% alert important %}
Promotion codes can't be sent in in-app messages.
{% endalert %}

## Creating a promotion code list

### Step 1: Go to the Promotion Code section

![Button to create a promotion code.][1]{: style="float:right;max-width:30%;margin-left:15px;"}

1. From the dashboard, go to **Data Settings** > **Promotion Codes**.
2. Select **Create Promotion Code List**.

### Step 2: Name the promotion code

1. Name your promotion code list and add an optional description.
2. Next, create a code snippet for the promotion code. 

Here are some details to consider when creating a code snippet:

> - Code snippets can't be changed after saving.
> - Snippets are also case-sensitive. For example, "Birthday_promo" and "birthday_promo" will be recognized as two different snippets.
> - The code snippet is what you'll reference in Liquid to display this specific set of promotion codes. 
> - Make sure the code snippet isn't already being used in another list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once saved, code snippets can’t be edited.
- Snippets are case-sensitive. For example, "Birthday_promo" and "birthday_promo" will be recognized as two different snippets.
- Use the snippet name in Liquid to reference this set of promotion codes.
- Make sure the code snippet isn't already being used in another list.
```
